docs: Add operator to the README.md (#201)
aquasecurity/starboard: README.md

of existing security tools, as well as a `kubectl`-compatible command-line tool and an Octant plug-in that make security
reports available through familiar Kubernetes tools.

Starboard can be run in two different modes:

* As a [command-line tool][starboard-cli], so you can trigger scans and view the risks in a `kubectl`-compatible way
  or as part of your CI/CD pipeline.
* As an [operator][starboard-operator] to automatically update security report resources in response to workload and
  other changes on a Kubernetes cluster - for example, initiating a vulnerability scan when a new pod is started.

You can read more about the motivations and use cases [here][aqua-starboard-blog] and join our discussions [here][discussions]. 

![](docs/images/starboard-cli-with-octant-demo.gif)

## Getting Started

The easiest way to get started with Starboard is to use [Starboard CLI][starboard-cli], which allows scanning Kubernetes
workloads deployed in your cluster.

> > **NOTE:** Even though manual scanning through the command-line is useful, it doesn't scale well with a huge number
> > of Kubernetes workloads and / or multi-tenant clusters. Therefore, the [Starboard Operator][starboard-operator]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Even though manual scanning through the command-line is useful, the fact that it's not automated makes it less suitable with a large number
> of Kubernetes workloads. Therefore, the [Starboard Operator][starboard-operator]
```

I'm assuming that automation is the main motivator here - my suggestion is to avoid the possible interpretation that "this is written badly so even installing it it might cause problems in your large production cluster", which I don't think is the case

| [vulnerabilityreports][vulnerabilityreports-crd] | vulns,vuln   | aquasecurity.github.io | true       | VulnerabilityReport |
| [configauditreports][configauditreports-crd]     | configaudit  | aquasecurity.github.io | true       | ConfigAuditReport   |
| [ciskubebenchreports][ciskubebenchreports-crd]   | kubebench    | aquasecurity.github.io | false      | CISKubeBenchReport  |
| [kubehunterreports][kubehunterreports-crd]       | kubehunter   | aquasecurity.github.io | false      | KubeHunterReport    |

See [Custom Security Resources Specification][starboard-crds-spec] for the detailed explanation of custom resources
used by Starboard and their lifecycle.

## Starboard CLI

Starboard CLI is a single executable binary which can be used to find risks, such as vulnerabilities or insecure Pod
specs, in Kubernetes workloads. By default, the risk assessment reports are stored as
[custom security resources][starboard-crds].

To learn more about the available Starboard CLI commands, run `starboard help` or type a command followed by the
`-h` flag:

```
$ starboard kube-hunter -h
```

> ### Configuration

Reviewer: Am I right to think that the Starboard operator will create the vulnerabilityreports CRD - no need to run `starboard init` first?

Author: It depends how we install the operator. With OLM the OLM operator is taking care of creating CRDs, which are part of the installation bundle. For helm or kubecly apply installations we have to create the CRDs manually or use the init command.

In general, as a good practice the operator should not create the CRDs that it manages.

Reviewer 2: Helm will install them if they dont already excist now, but not as the other resources. It will also not try to update them or similarly if, just warn about it if needed.

Author: This is great that a Helm chart package now supports CRDs that are installed before a Helm release is created. Even though it's not as powerful and automated as OLM, it's useful in case of Helm chart installation option

| [JobController](pkg/operator/controller/job/job_controller.go) | Watches for job events in the operator's namespace. If a given job is completed it parses the logs of the controlee pod and converts the logs output to an instance of the VulnerabilityReport resource. |

![](docs/images/operator/starboard-operator.png)

### Deployment

#### With Static YAML Manifests

You can install the operator with provided static YAML manifests with fixed values. However, this approach has its
shortcomings. For example, if you want to change the container image or modify default configuration parameters, you
have to create new manifests or edit existing ones.

To deploy the operator in the `starboard-operator` namespace and configure it to watch the `default`
namespace:

1. Send the definition of the [vulnerabilityreports][vulnerabilityreports-crd] custom resource to the Kubernetes API:

   ```
   $ kubectl apply -f deploy/crd/vulnerabilityreports.crd.yaml

>    ```

Reviewer 2: I think this step wont be needed.

2. Send the following Kubernetes objects definitions to the Kubernetes API:

   ```
   $ kubectl apply -f deploy/static/01-starboard-operator.ns.yaml \
       -f deploy/static/02-starboard-operator.sa.yaml \
       -f deploy/static/03-starboard-operator.clusterrole.yaml \
       -f deploy/static/04-starboard-operator.clusterrolebinding.yaml
   ```
3. Create the `starboard-operator` deployment in the `starboard-operator` namespace to run the operator's container:

   ```
   $ kubectl apply -f deploy/static/05-starboard-operator.deployment.yaml
   ```

#### With Helm

[Helm][helm], which is de facto standard package manager for Kubernetes, allows installing applications from
parameterized YAML manifests called Helm [charts][helm-charts].

To address shortcomings of static YAML manifests we provide the Helm chart to deploy the Starboard operator. The
[starboard-operator](./deploy/helm) Helm chart supports all [install modes](#install-modes). For example, to install
the operator in the `starboard-operator` namespace and configure it to watch `foo` and `bar` namespaces, run:

```
$ kubectl create ns starboard-operator
$ helm install starboard-operator -n starboard-operator \

>     ./deploy/helm \

Reviewer 2: There is also the --create-namespace flag btw

Author: Great. I didn't know that. Thanks for letting us know. I used the flag and merged the two commands into one!

| MODE            | OPERATOR_NAMESPACE | OPERATOR_TARGET_NAMESPACES | DESCRIPTION |
| --------------- | ------------------ | -------------------------- | ----------- |
| OwnNamespace    | `operators`        | `operators`                | The operator can be configured to watch events in the namespace it is deployed in. |
| SingleNamespace | `operators`        | `foo`                      | The operator can be configured to watch for events in a single namespace that the operator is not deployed in. |
| MultiNamespace  | `operators`        | `foo,bar,baz`              | The operator can be configured to watch for events in more than one namespace. |
| AllNamespaces   | `operators`        |                            | The operator can be configured to watch for events in all namespaces. |

> **CAUTION:** Although we do support the *AllNamespaces* install mode, please use it with caution when your cluster
> runs a moderate or high number of workloads. If the desired state of the cluster is much different from the actual
> state, the operator might spin up too many scan jobs and negatively impact the performance of your cluster.

> > We're working on improvements to limit the number of parallel scan jobs and implement a back pressure logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We're planning improvements to limit the number of parallel scan jobs and implement a back pressure logic.
```

create new manifests or edit existing ones.

To deploy the operator in the `starboard-operator` namespace and configure it to watch the `default`
namespace:

1. Send the definition of the [vulnerabilityreports][vulnerabilityreports-crd] custom resource to the Kubernetes API:

   ```
   $ kubectl apply -f deploy/crd/vulnerabilityreports.crd.yaml
   ```
2. Send the following Kubernetes objects definitions to the Kubernetes API:

   ```
   $ kubectl apply -f deploy/static/01-starboard-operator.ns.yaml \
       -f deploy/static/02-starboard-operator.sa.yaml \
       -f deploy/static/03-starboard-operator.clusterrole.yaml \
       -f deploy/static/04-starboard-operator.clusterrolebinding.yaml
   ```
3. Create the `starboard-operator` deployment in the `starboard-operator` namespace to run the operator's container:

   ```
   $ kubectl apply -f deploy/static/05-starboard-operator.deployment.yaml
   ```

#### With Helm

Helm, which is de facto standard package manager for Kubernetes, allows installing applications from parameterized
YAML manifests called Helm charts. To address shortcomings of static YAML manifest we'll provide a Helm chart to deploy

> the Starboard operator. See [#187](https://github.com/aquasecurity/starboard/issues/187) to check the progress on that.

Reviewer 2: I suggest to let the static resources be generated from the Helm chart in the future. See #211

Author: I totally agree @consideRatio Once we merge the Helm chart, we'll remove static manifests from `./deploy/static/*.yaml` and update the docs to use the `helm template` command for those who cannot use Helm CLI
